INTRODUCTION:
This site provides information about water management-related 
studies and projects that the city is working on. Anything from measured 
bacteria and contaminant levels in rivers and streams, water supply, and 
waste water egress to new water management projects and their status, to 
water management analysis and reports. The site also provides safe 
water use instructions, what to look for, what to avoid, and so on.
Support resident and visitor feedback for a variety of items such as water 
supply pressure issues, water quality concerns, water pollution incidents, 
or submit a suggestion for improvement.
The site also provides real-time information about flooding, water 
supply handling water-related work projects, water supply repair, waste 
water treatment methods.



Existing System:
· This System contains no updated information about water management 
in the city.Water management system
· This Means Don’t know about the particular water supply timings in the 
city.
· Citizens Don’t Know about Current working project in the city.
· Citizens don’t know about water Quality Reports information.
· Citizens Don’t know about Anything from measured bacteria and 
contaminant levels in rivers and streams
· Citizens Don’t know about safe water use instructions
· Citizens don’t have proper communication to send complaints, Queries,
Feedbacks.
· Citizens don’t have water supply pressure issues, water quality concerns, 
water pollution incidents



proposed System:
The development of this new system contains the following activities, 
which try to automate the entire process keeping in the view of database 
integration approach.
· The application provides information for water management in the city.
· The application also provide real-time information about flooding, water 
supply handling (boil-water alert),
· The application provides information water-related work projects (water 
supply repair, waste water treatment, etc.)
· The application provides also provide information about water 
management-related studies and/or projects that the city is working on.
· The application provides Anything from measured bacteria and 
contaminant levels in rivers and streams, water supply, and waste water 
egress to new water management projects and their status, to water 
management analysis and reports
· The application site could also provide safe water use instructions, what 
to look for, what to avoid, and so on.
· This system maintains user’s personal, address, and contact details.Water management system
· Authentication is provided for this application only registered users can 
access.
· Various user feedbacks are accepted to develop the system and also to 
know the real time issues of the water management problems.


This site provides information about water management-related 
studies and projects that the city is working on. Anything from measured 
bacteria and contaminant levels in rivers and streams, water supply, and 
waste water egress to new water management projects and their status, to 
water management analysis and reports. The site also provides safe 
water use instructions, what to look for, what to avoid, and so on.
Support resident and visitor feedback for a variety of items such as water 
supply pressure issues, water quality concerns, water pollution incidents, 
or submit a suggestion for improvement.
The site also provides real-time information about flooding, water 
supply handling water-related work projects, water supply repair, waste 
water treatment methods.
The Water Management System is a computer system designed to support 
the water resource management function. used to manage resource quality 
operational monitoring on a National basis in an effective and efficient 
manner, used to achieve the sustainable use of water and the protection of
the quality of the water resource. Maintain a national water and 
environmental quality database Manage national and regional operational 
monitoring Effluent discharge impacts Compliance to license conditions

Software Resources:
Operating system: Microsoft Windows10
Frontend: JavaScript
Backend: MySQL
HARDWARE RESOURCES:
TOOLS:
Netbeans IDE8.2
Wampserver 3.1.064 bit

